README.md, before:

# Natural Gas Homework
This is a basic natural gas mobile application project.
![Screenshot of the app and the working environment.](/screen.jpg?raw=true "Screenshot")
![Screenshot of the second screen (subscriber log-in).](/screen2.jpg?raw=true "Screenshot #2")

## Compiling
You need Android Studio <https://developer.android.com/studio/> and its  
dependencies. Import the project and build it.

## License
You may find a copy of the license in the LICENSE file.

Copyright (C) 2021 Abdullah Çırağ

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add the third activity (personnel log-in)

README.md, after:

# Natural Gas Homework
This is a basic natural gas mobile application project.
![Screenshot of the app and the working environment.](/screen.jpg?raw=true "Screenshot")
![Screenshot of the second screen (subscriber log-in).](/screen2.jpg?raw=true "Screenshot #2")
![Screenshot of the third screen (personnel log-in).](/screen3.jpg?raw=true "Screenshot #3")

## Compiling
You need Android Studio <https://developer.android.com/studio/> and its  
dependencies. Import the project and build it.

## License
You may find a copy of the license in the LICENSE file.

Copyright (C) 2021 Abdullah Çırağ

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
